Hi my name is Greg Goldberg I'm here on behalf
of Expert Village and you can check us out
a www.minettis.com. In this episode, we are
going to be talking about pizza, chicken Alfredo
pizza, how to add the cheese and the chicken
to it. It is very simple you just grab your
hands full of the mozzarella or your favorite
cheese. Place you hand right by the sauce
edge. You would sprinkle on a little estrange
there or you put to much just pick it right
up and put it back somewhere else. Put some
back here again as well. That is a perfectly
cheese pizza. Then we are going to take the
chicken. Our tongs and just place that on
this is the chicken that we cooked in the
white wine reduction. A little bit of garlic,
salt, and pepper nothing to fancy. It is always
good to arrange the toppings, no matter what
you are putting on there, so that every slice
has some of everything. In this case, it is
easy because it is just one topping. You always
want to do your toppings in layers when you
are making your pizza. You should put the
first topping on all the way through the pizza
or half of the pizza whatever you are doing.
Then you add the second topping and then you
add the third topping. Finish it the last
of the chicken there and we are ready to put
that in the oven.